docs: Rewrite docs (#25)
preactjs/preact-iso: README.md

- Generate static HTML for your app using `prerender()`, waiting for `lazy()` components and data dependencies.
- Implement async-aware client and server-side routing using `<Router>`, including seamless async transitions.

## Routing

`preact-iso` offers a simple router for Preact with conventional and hooks-based APIs. The `<Router>` component is async-aware: when transitioning from one route to another, if the incoming route suspends (throws a Promise), the outgoing route is preserved until the new one becomes ready.

> ```js

Reviewer: I was thinking of this sending PR with this kitchen sink example:
```js
import { render } from 'preact';
import { LocationProvider, Router, ErrorBoundary, lazy, Route } from 'preact-iso';
import { useErrorBoundary } from 'preact/hooks';

// Asynchronous (returns a promise)
const Home = lazy(() => import('./routes/home.js'));
// Synchronous, is allowed as well (No lazy loading)
// import Home from './routes/home.js';
const Profile = lazy(() => import('./routes/profile.js'));
const PageNotFound = lazy(() => import('./routes/_404.js'));

function ErrorHandler(props) {
	// Documentation on useErrorBoundary() at https://preactjs.com/guide/v10/hooks/#useerrorboundary
  const [error] = useErrorBoundary(); 
  if (error) {
    return (
      <div>
        <h1>An unexpected error occurred:</h1>
        <p>{error.message}</p>
      </div>
    );
  }
	return <>{props.children}</>;
}

function App() {
	return (
		<LocationProvider>
			<ErrorBoundary>
				<ErrorHandler>
					<Router>
						<Home path="/" />
						{/* Alternative syntax - for TypeScript users */}
						<Route path="/profile" component={Profile} />
						{ /* `default` prop indicates a fallback route. Useful for 404 pages */ }
						<PageNotFound default />
					</Router>
				</ErrorHandler>
			</ErrorBoundary>
		</LocationProvider>
	);
);

render(<App />, document.body);
```

Author: Great idea!

// Asynchronous (throws a promise)
const Home = lazy(() => import('./routes/home.js'));
const Profile = lazy(() => import('./routes/profile.js'));
const Profiles = lazy(() => import('./routes/profiles.js'));

const App = () => (
    <LocationProvider>
        <ErrorBoundary>
            <Router>
                <Home path="/" />
                <Profiles path="/profiles" />
                <Profile path="/profiles/:id" />
            </Router>
        </ErrorBoundary>
    </LocationProvider>
);
```

**Progressive Hydration:** When the app is hydrated on the client, the route (`Home` or `Profile` in this case) suspends. This causes hydration for that part of the page to be deferred until the route's `import()` is resolved, at which point that part of the page automatically finishes hydrating.

**Seamless Routing:** Switch switching between routes on the client, the Router is aware of asynchronous dependencies in routes. Instead of clearing the current route and showing a loading spinner while waiting for the next route (or its data), the router preserves the current route in-place until the incoming route has finished loading, then they are swapped.

> **Nested Routing:** Nested routes are supported by using multiple `Router` components. Partially matched routes end with a wildcard `/*` and the remaining value will be past to continue matching with if there are any further routes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Nested Routing:** Nested routes are supported by using multiple `Router` components. Partially matched routes end with a wildcard `/*` and the remaining value is passed to continue matching with if there are any further routes.
```

## Prerendering

`prerender()` renders a Virtual DOM tree to an HTML string using [`preact-render-to-string`](https://github.com/preactjs/preact-render-to-string). The Promise returned from `prerender()` resolves to an Object with `html` and `links[]` properties. The `html` property contains your pre-rendered static HTML markup, and `links` is an Array of any non-external URL strings found in links on the generated page.

Primarily meant for use with prerendering via [`@preact/preset-vite`](https://github.com/preactjs/preset-vite) or other prerendering systems that share the API. If you're server-side rendering your app via any other method, you can use `preact-render-to-string` (specifically `renderToStringAsync()`) directly.

```js
import { LocationProvider, ErrorBoundary, Router, lazy, prerender } from 'preact-iso';

// Asynchronous (throws a promise)
const Foo = lazy(() => import('./foo.js'));

const App = () => (
	<LocationProvider>
        <ErrorBoundary>
			<Router>
				<Foo path="/" />
			</Router>
		</ErrorBoundary>
	</LocationProvider>
);

const { html, links } = await prerender(<App />, { maxDepth: 10 });
```

> Complimentary to this prerendering implementation is the `hydrate()` export. A thin wrapper around Preact's own `hydrate` export, it switches between hydrating and rendering the provided element, depending on whether the current page includes prerendered HTML from `prerender()`. This is especially useful for development, where you may not be prerendering your app. Additionally, it checks to ensure it's running in a browser context before attempting any rendering, making it a no-op during SSR.

Author: ```suggestion
Complimentary to this prerendering implementation is the `hydrate()` export: a thin wrapper around Preact's own `hydrate` export, it switches between hydrating and rendering the provided element, depending on whether the current page includes prerendered HTML from `prerender()`. This is especially useful for development, where you may not be prerendering your app. Additionally, it checks to ensure it's running in a browser context before attempting any rendering, making it a no-op during SSR.
```

### `Router`

Props:

 - `onRouteChange?: (url: string) => void` - Callback to be called when a route changes.
 - `onLoadStart?: (url: string) => void` - Callback to be called when a route starts loading (i.e., if it suspends). This will not be called before navigations to sync routes or subsequent navigations to async routes.
 - `onLoadEnd?: (url: string) => void` - Callback to be called after a route finishes loading (i.e., if it suspends). This will not be called after navigations to sync routes or subsequent navigations to async routes.

```js
import { LocationProvider, Router } from 'preact-iso';

const App = () => (
	<LocationProvider>
		<Router
			onRouteChange={url => console.log('Route changed to', url)}
			onLoadStart={url => console.log('Starting to load', url)}
			onLoadEnd={url => console.log('Finished loading', url)}
		>
			<Home path="/" />
			<Profile path="/profile" />
		</Router>
	</LocationProvider>
);
```

### `Route`

There are two ways to define routes using `preact-iso`:

1. Append router params to the route components directly: `<Home path="/" />`
2. Use the `Route` component instead: `<Route path="/" component={Home} />`

> Appending arbitrary props to components not unreasonable in JavaScript, as JS is a dynamic langauge that's perfectly happy to support dynamic & arbitrary interfaces. However, TypeScript, which many of us use even when writing JS through TS's language server, is not exactly a fan of this sort of interface design.

Reviewer 2: Typo:
```suggestion
Appending arbitrary props to components not unreasonable in JavaScript, as JS is a dynamic language that's perfectly happy to support dynamic & arbitrary interfaces. However, TypeScript, which many of us use even when writing JS through TS's language server, is not exactly a fan of this sort of interface design.
```

TS does not (yet) allow for overriding a child's props from the parent component so we cannot, for instance, define `<Home>` as taking no props _unless_ it's a child of a `<Router>`, in which case it can have a `path` prop. This leaves us with a bit of a dilemma: either we define all of our routes as taking `path` props so we don't see TS errors when writing `<Home path="/" />` or we create wrapper components to handle the route definitions.

> While `<Home path="/" />` is completely equivilant to `<Route path="/" component={Home} />`, TS users may find the latter preferable. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While `<Home path="/" />` is completely equivalent to `<Route path="/" component={Home} />`, TS users may find the latter preferable. 
```

```js
import { LocationProvider, Router, Route } from 'preact-iso';

const App = () => (
	<LocationProvider>
		<Router>
			{/* Both of these are equivalent */}
			<Home path="/" />
			<Route path="/" component={Home} />

			<Profile path="/profile" />
			<NotFound default />
		</Router>
	</LocationProvider>
);
```

Props for any route component:

 - `path: string` - The path to match (read on)
 - `default?: boolean` - If set, this route is a fallback/default route to be used when nothing else matches

Specific to the `Route` component:

 - `component: AnyComponent` - The component to render when the route matches

#### Path Segment Matching

Paths are matched using a simple string matching algorithm. The following features may be used:

 - `:param` - Matches any URL segment (can later extract this value from `useRoute()`)
   - `/profile/:id` will match `/profile/123` and `/profile/abc`
   - `/profile/:id?` will match `/profile` and `/profile/123`
 - `*` - Matches any number of URL segments

>    - `/profile/*` will match `/profile`, `/profile/123`, `/profile/123/abc`, etc.

Reviewer 2: If the intention is to match `/profile` on `/profile/*` as well there might be a bug in the current version. I had to pass both:

```Javascript
<Router>
    <Profile path="/profile" />
    <Profile path="/profile/*" />
</Router>
```
To have the route called on `/profile` and `/profile/123`

Author: Ah, yeah. Need to think about that actually.

Author: We'll keep this for now as-is here, I've corrected the comments.

We can update the docs in your PR once this merges.

These can then be composed to create more complex routes:

 - `/profile/:id/*` will match `/profile/123`, `/profile/123/abc`, `/profile/123/abc/def`, etc.

### `useLocation`

A hook to work with the `LocationProvider` to access location context.

Props:

 - `url: string` - *Redundant* - The current path

>  - `path: string` - The current path

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - `path: string` - The current path (not including the query string or fragment)
```

Author: This is what a path is.

 - `query: Record<string, string>` - The current query string parameters (`/profile?name=John` -> `{ name: 'John' }`)

>  - `route: (url: string, replace?: boolean) => void` - A function to programmatically navigate to a new route

Reviewer 2: The `replace` parameter might not be obvious to everybody.

```suggestion
 - `route: (url: string, replace?: boolean) => void` - A function to programmatically navigate to a new route. `replace` will overwrite the current slot in history. So hitting the back button will not show this page but the one before in history.
```

Author: Good call

### `Router`

Props:

 - `onRouteChange?: (url: string) => void` - Callback to be called when a route changes.
 - `onLoadStart?: (url: string) => void` - Callback to be called when a route starts loading (i.e., if it suspends). This will not be called before navigations to sync routes or subsequent navigations to async routes.
 - `onLoadEnd?: (url: string) => void` - Callback to be called after a route finishes loading (i.e., if it suspends). This will not be called after navigations to sync routes or subsequent navigations to async routes.

```js
import { LocationProvider, Router } from 'preact-iso';

const App = () => (
	<LocationProvider>
		<Router
			onRouteChange={url => console.log('Route changed to', url)}
			onLoadStart={url => console.log('Starting to load', url)}
			onLoadEnd={url => console.log('Finished loading', url)}
		>
			<Home path="/" />
			<Profile path="/profile" />
		</Router>
	</LocationProvider>
);
```

### `Route`

There are two ways to define routes using `preact-iso`:

1. Append router params to the route components directly: `<Home path="/" />`
2. Use the `Route` component instead: `<Route path="/" component={Home} />`

> Appending arbitrary props to components not unreasonable in JavaScript, as JS is a dynamic language that's perfectly happy to support dynamic & arbitrary interfaces. However, TypeScript, which many of us use even when writing JS through TS's language server, is not exactly a fan of this sort of interface design.

Author: ```suggestion
Appending arbitrary props to components not unreasonable in JavaScript, as JS is a dynamic language that's perfectly happy to support dynamic & arbitrary interfaces. However, TypeScript, which many of us use even when writing JS (via TS's language server), is not exactly a fan of this sort of interface design.
```
